
# FILE STRUCTURE
```
home
    |___(username)
                 |___Otakon
                           |___bin___
                           |         |___ (compiled binaries)
                           |         |___ (data generated by the executable, don't alter)
                           |___config
                           |         |___ config.txt (configuration file)
                           |___docs__
                           |         |___ otakon_docs.md (this documentation)
                           |___images
                           |         |___ *.png (images to be referenced in config list)
                           |___src___
                                     |___ otakon.cpp (main source code)
                                     |___ (other dependencies if needed)
```
# CONFIG FILE
In the config file, the user can specify the image selection mode and
the list of images to select from.

## Defining the selection mode
Write `MODE XXX` anywhere in the file (except in the middle of another command),
where `XXX` can be either of these modes:
- `RANDOM`  (choose a random image from the list)
- `FIRST`   (always choose the first image from the list)
- `ORDER`   (choose the image in an increasing order)
- `REVERSE` (choose the image in a decreasing order)  
Default mode is `RANDOM`.  
NOTE: when this command is written two or more times, only the last command
      is taken into consideration, whilst the others are ignored.

## Defining the list
Write
```
LIST {
aaa
bbb
ccc
...
}
```
anywhere in the file (except in the middle of another command), where
`aaa`, `bbb`, `ccc` are the names of the image files to be put into the list
(.png extension is excluded as it's the only file format currently supported),
and `...` means that any amount of names can be specified before the curly
brackets are closed, marking the end of the list.  
NOTE: filenames must not include spaces, as spaces and commas (`,`) are
      considered a way to separate filenames.  
Failing to define a list causes an error, and the program to fallsback to a
default texture.  
NOTE: when two or more lists are defined, only the one defined last is
      taken into consideration, whilst the others are ignored.  

## Setting alpha color
The alpha (background) color can be set by using the `ALPHA` command, followed
by the three colors in the order: red, green, blue. Every color must be in
range 0 to 255 (both included).
For example:
```
ALPHA 255,128,0
```

## Setting an edge
It's possible to set an edge (that will be filled with the alpha color) by
writing the `EDGE` command, followed by a number in range 0 to 99 (both
included).
For example:
```
EDGE 2
```

## Preventing Otakon from running
The user can prevent the program from printing anything by writing the `KILL`
command anywhere in the program (except in the middle of another command).

## Additional notes
Please note that commands must be separated from one another with at least
one space or newline character.  
For example  
`KILLMODE REVERSE`  
is invalid, but  
`KILL MODE REVERSE` and
```
KILL
MODE REVERSE
```
are valid.
